[ADD] inventory: setup sendcloud shipping (#2864)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/shipping/setup/sendcloud_shipping.rst

Setup of Sendcloud shipping services in Odoo Inventory
======================================================

Odoo's compatibility with Sendcloud expands the amount of available shipping options. Sendcloud is
a :guilabel:`shipping connectors aggregator`. It facilitates the integration of the most popular
European shipping carriers in one, easy-to-use tool.

Here's `Sendcloud's documentation <https://support.sendcloud.com/hc/en-us/articles/360059470491-
Odoo-integration>`_ on setting up the integration.

.. note::
    Odoo integration of Sendcloud won't work on free plans of Sendcloud.

Setup in Sendcloud
==================

Create an account and activate carriers
---------------------------------------

To get started, go to `Sendcloud's platform <https://www.sendcloud.com>`_ to configure the account
and generate the connector credentials. Log in with the Sendcloud account.

If you don't have a Sendcloud account, fill in the :guilabel:`contact information` and
:guilabel:`payment details`. A bank account is all that's needed to set up an account. After
completing the account set up, activate (or deactivate) the :guilabel:`shipping carriers`

> that Odoo will be shipping from.

Reviewer: Removed GUI labels, this is more of a general reference. @mivu-odoo

   :align: center
   :alt: Configuring the Sendcloud integration and receiving the credentials.

Setup in Odoo
=============

Install Sendcloud Module
------------------------

To get started, go to :guilabel:`Odoo's Apps Module` and search for the module:
:guilabel:`Sendcloud Shipping`. Install this module, if it isn't already installed.

.. image:: sendcloud_shipping/sendcloud-mod.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Sendcloud Module in the Odoo App's Modules.

Sendcloud Shipping Connector Configuration
------------------------------------------

Ensure the :guilabel:`Sendcloud Shipping Module` is activated in :menuselection:`Inventory -->
Configuration --> Settings`. The :guilabel:`Sendcloud Shipping Connector` is found under the
:guilabel:`Shipping Connectors` section.

After activating the :guilabel:`Sendcloud Shipping Connector`, click on the link below the listed
connector that reads: :guilabel:`Sendcloud Shipping Methods`. Once on the :guilabel:`Shipping
Methods` page, click :guilabel:`Create`.

.. tip::
   :guilabel:`Shipping Methods` can also be accessed by going to the :guilabel:`Configuration menu`
   in the Inventory App.

> Fill out the following fields in the :guilabel:`New Shipping Method Form`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fill out the following fields in the :guilabel:`New Shipping Method` form:
```

> - :guilabel:`Shipping Method` = Sendcloud DPD.
> - :guilabel:`Provider` = (Reveal the dropdown, and select :guilabel:`Sendcloud`).
> - :guilabel:`Delivery Product` = (Set the product that was configured for this shipping method or
>   create a new product).
> - Enter the :guilabel:`Sendcloud Public Key`.
> - Enter the :guilabel:`Sendcloud Secret Key`.
> - Manually :guilabel:`Save` the work:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Shipping Method`: type `Sendcloud DPD`.
- :guilabel:`Provider`: select :guilabel:`Sendcloud` from the drop-down menu.
- :guilabel:`Delivery Product`: set the product that was configured for this shipping method or
  create a new product.
- In the :guilabel:`SendCloud Configuration` tab, enter the :guilabel:`Sendcloud Public Key`.
- In the :guilabel:`SendCloud Configuration` tab, enter the :guilabel:`Sendcloud Secret Key`.
- Manually :guilabel:`Save` the form by clicking the cloud icon next to the :guilabel:`Shipping
  Methods / New` breadcrumbs.
```

>   - Click on the :guilabel:`Cloud` icon to the right of the breadcrumbs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After configuring and saving the form, follow these steps to load the shipping products:
```

> - Click on :guilabel:`Load the Sendcloud Shipping Products`.
> - Select the shipping products the company would like to use for deliveries and returns.
> - Click :guilabel:`Select`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- In the :guilabel:`SendCloud Configuration` tab of the :guilabel:`New Shipping Method` form, click
  on the :guilabel:`Load your SendCloud shipping products` link.
- Select the shipping products the company would like to use for deliveries and returns.
- Click :guilabel:`Select`.
```

> For Example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example:
```

.. image:: sendcloud_shipping/sendcloud-example.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Example of shipping products configured in Odoo.

.. tip::

>    Sendcloud doesn't provide test keys when a company tests the sending of a package in Odoo. This
>    means, if a package is created, the configured Sendcloud account will be charged, unless the
>    associated package is canceled within 24 hours of creation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Sendcloud does not provide test keys when a company tests the sending of a package in Odoo. This
   means if a package is created, the configured Sendcloud account will be charged, unless the
   associated package is canceled within 24 hours of creation.
```

   Odoo has built an extra layer of protection into test environments. If the shipping method is
   used to create a label, then the labels are immediately canceled after the creation. This occurs
   automatically.

> Generate Label with Sendcloud
> -----------------------------

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Generate a label with Sendcloud
-------------------------------
```

> When creating a quotation, just add shipping, and a :guilabel:`Sendcloud shipping product`, then
> :guilabel:`Validate` the delivery. Automatically, shipping label documents will be generated in the
> chatter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When creating a quotation in Odoo, add shipping and a :guilabel:`Sendcloud shipping product`. Then,
:guilabel:`Validate` the delivery. Shipping label documents will be automatically generated in the
chatter.
```

> Included should be the following:
> 
> #. :guilabel:`Shipping label(s)` (Depending on the number of packages).
> #. :guilabel:`Return label(s)` (If the Sendcloud connector is configured for this).
> #. :guilabel:`Customs document(s)` (Should the destination country require them).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following should be included in the shipping label documents:

#. :guilabel:`Shipping label(s)` (depending on the number of packages).
#. :guilabel:`Return label(s)` (if the Sendcloud connector is configured for returns).
#. :guilabel:`Customs document(s)` (should the destination country require them).
```

> Additionally, the :guilabel:`tracking number` will be available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, the :guilabel:`tracking number` is also available.
```

@tiku-odoo Can you double check if `tracking number` is all lowercase on the interface? If not, can you update the capitalization to match how `tracking number` appears on the interface?

Reviewer: Removed GUI labels. @mivu-odoo. This is more of a general reference.

.. note::

>    Should it be required, shipping can be canceled by navigating to the :guilabel:`Additional info`
>    tab of the delivery.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   If needed, shipping can be canceled by navigating to the :guilabel:`Additional info` tab of the
   delivery order.
```

FAQ
===

Shipment is too heavy
---------------------

> If the shipment is too heavy for the Sendcloud service that is configured, then the weight is split
> to simulate multiple packages. Products will need to be put in different :guilabel:`packages` to
> :guilabel:`validate` the transfer and generate labels.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the shipment is too heavy for the Sendcloud service that is configured, then the weight is split
to simulate multiple packages. Products will need to be put in different :guilabel:`Packages` to
:guilabel:`Validate` the transfer and generate labels.
```

:guilabel:`Rules` can also be set up in Sendcloud to use other shipping methods when the weight is

> too heavy. However, it should be noted that these rules won't apply on the price calculation in the
> :guilabel:`sales order`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
too heavy. However, it should be noted that these rules will not apply on the price calculation in
the :guilabel:`Sales Order`.
```

> When using personal carrier contract
> ------------------------------------

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When using a personal carrier contract
--------------------------------------
```

> When using a personal carrier contract in Sendcloud, and the price isn't reflected when creating a
> :guilabel:`quotation`, then the pricing will need to be updated in Sendcloud.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If using a personal carrier contract in Sendcloud, and the user finds the price is not accurately
reflected when creating a :guilabel:`Quotation` in Odoo, the pricing will need to be updated in
Sendcloud.
```

Measuring volumetric weight
----------------------------

Many carriers have several measures for weight. There is the actual weight of the products in the

> parcel, and there is the :guilabel:`volumetric weight`. A carrier may have different formulas to
> compute the volumetric weight.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
parcel, and there is the *volumetric weight*. A carrier may have different formulas to compute the
volumetric weight.
```

============================================
Setup of Sendcloud shipping services in Odoo
============================================

Odoo's compatibility with Sendcloud expands the amount of available shipping options. Sendcloud is
a shipping connectors aggregator. Sendcloud facilitates the integration of the most popular
European shipping carriers in one, easy-to-use tool.

Here is `Sendcloud's documentation <https://support.sendcloud.com/hc/en-us/articles/360059470491-
Odoo-integration>`_ on setting up the integration.

.. important::

>    Odoo integration of Sendcloud will **not** work on free plans of Sendcloud.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Odoo integration of Sendcloud does **not** work on free plans of Sendcloud.
```

Setup in Sendcloud
==================

Create an account and activate carriers
---------------------------------------

To get started, go to `Sendcloud's platform <https://www.sendcloud.com>`_ to configure the account
and generate the connector credentials. Log in with the Sendcloud account.

> If the user does not have a Sendcloud account, fill in the contact information and
> payment details. Sendcloud will ask for a VAT number or EORI number. After
> completing the account setup, activate (or deactivate) the shipping carriers that Odoo
> will be shipping with.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the user does not have a Sendcloud account, fill in the contact information and payment details.
Sendcloud will ask for a VAT number or EORI number. After completing the account setup, activate (or
deactivate) the shipping carriers that Odoo will be shipping with.
```

Warehouse configuration
-----------------------

Once the Sendcloud account is created, set up the :guilabel:`Warehouse Address`. To do that, start
in the Sendcloud account and go to :menuselection:`Settings --> Shipping --> Addresses`. This is
where the :guilabel:`Warehouse address` should be entered.

.. image:: sendcloud_shipping/settings-shipping.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Adding addresses in the Sendcloud settings.

> .. note::

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>    A paid plan within Sendcloud should be selected. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

If the company would like Sendcloud to process returns as well, a :guilabel:`Return Address` is
required. Under the :guilabel:`Miscellaneous section`, there is a field called :guilabel:`Label
(optional)`. The Odoo Warehouse name should be entered here, and the characters should be exactly
the same.

An example of the Sendcloud Configuration:

.. image:: sendcloud_shipping/warehouse-label.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Warehouse label in the Sendcloud settings.

An example of the Odoo Warehouse Configuration:

.. image:: sendcloud_shipping/odoo-warehouse.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Warehouse settings in Odoo.

Creating credentials
--------------------

In the Sendcloud account, navigate to :menuselection:`Settings --> Integrations` in the menu on the

> right. Next, search for the :guilabel:`Sendcloud API`.  Then, click on :guilabel:`Connect`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
right. Next, search for the :guilabel:`Sendcloud API`. Then, click on :guilabel:`Connect`.
```

.. tip::
   The integration that needs to be connected is the :guilabel:`Sendcloud API`. While there is an

>    Odoo link in the Integrations, this only links the user to Sendcloud's help pages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Odoo link in the :guilabel:`Integrations`, this only links the user to Sendcloud's help pages.
```

   means if a package is created, the configured Sendcloud account will be charged, unless the
   associated package is canceled within 24 hours of creation.

   Odoo has built an extra layer of protection into test environments. If the shipping method is
   used to create a label, then the labels are immediately canceled after the creation. This occurs
   automatically.

Generate a label with Sendcloud
-------------------------------

When creating a quotation in Odoo, add shipping and a :guilabel:`Sendcloud shipping product`. Then,
:guilabel:`Validate` the delivery. Shipping label documents will be automatically generated in the
chatter.

The following should be included in the shipping label documents:

#. :guilabel:`Shipping label(s)` (depending on the number of packages).
#. :guilabel:`Return label(s)` (if the Sendcloud connector is configured for returns).
#. :guilabel:`Customs document(s)` (should the destination country require them).

Additionally, the tracking number is also available.

.. note::
   If needed, shipping can be canceled by navigating to the :guilabel:`Additional info` tab of the
   delivery order.

.. note::

>    When return labels are created Sendcloud will automatically charge the configured SendCloud 
>    account immediately.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   When return labels are created, Sendcloud will automatically charge the configured Sendcloud 
   account.
```

FAQ
===

Shipment is too heavy
---------------------

If the shipment is too heavy for the Sendcloud service that is configured, then the weight is split
to simulate multiple packages. Products will need to be put in different :guilabel:`Packages` to
:guilabel:`Validate` the transfer and generate labels.

:guilabel:`Rules` can also be set up in Sendcloud to use other shipping methods when the weight is
too heavy. However, it should be noted that these rules will not apply on the price calculation in

> the :guilabel:`Sales Order`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the sales order.
```

Removed the `:guilabel:` after thinking about it, this is more referring to a `sales order` in the general sense, rather than a specific `sales order` that the user needs to interact with in this paragraph.

When using a personal carrier contract
--------------------------------------

If using a personal carrier contract in Sendcloud, and the user finds the price is not accurately

> reflected when creating a :guilabel:`Quotation` in Odoo, the pricing will need to be updated in
> Sendcloud.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
reflected when creating a quotation in Odoo, the pricing will need to be updated in Sendcloud.
```

Removed the `:guilabel:` after thinking about it, this is more referring to a `quotation` in the general sense, rather than a specific `quotation` that the user needs to interact with in this paragraph.

Setup of Sendcloud shipping services in Odoo
============================================

Sendcloud is a shipping service aggregator. Sendcloud facilitates the integration of European
shipping carriers with Odoo. Once integrated, the user can select the shipping carrier on inventory
operations in their Odoo database.
.. note::
   Here is `Sendcloud's documentation
   <https://support.sendcloud.com/hc/en-us/articles/360059470491-Odoo-integration>`_ on setting up
   the integration.

.. important::
   Odoo integration of Sendcloud does **not** work on free plans of Sendcloud.

Setup in Sendcloud
==================

Create an account and activate carriers
---------------------------------------

To get started, go to `Sendcloud's platform <https://www.sendcloud.com>`_ to configure the account
and generate the connector credentials. Log in with the Sendcloud account.

If the user does not have a Sendcloud account, fill in the contact information and payment details.
Sendcloud will ask for a :abbr:`VAT (Value-Added Tax Identification)` number or :abbr:`EORI
(Economic Operators' Registration and Identification)` number. After completing the account setup,

> activate (or deactivate) the shipping carriers will be used in the Odoo database.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
activate (or deactivate) the shipping carriers that will be used in the Odoo database.
```

Warehouse configuration
-----------------------

Once the Sendcloud account is created, set up the :guilabel:`Warehouse Address`. Start in the
Sendcloud account, go to :menuselection:`Settings --> Shipping --> Addresses`, and enter the
:guilabel:`Warehouse address`.

.. image:: sendcloud_shipping/settings-shipping.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Adding addresses in the Sendcloud settings.

If the company would like Sendcloud to process returns as well, a :guilabel:`Return Address` is
required. Under the :guilabel:`Miscellaneous section`, there is a field called :guilabel:`Label

> (optional)`. The Odoo Warehouse name should be entered here, and the characters should be exactly

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(optional)`. The Odoo warehouse name should be entered here, and the characters should be exactly
```

the same.

> An example of the Sendcloud Configuration:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An example of the Sendcloud configuration:
```

.. image:: sendcloud_shipping/warehouse-label.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Warehouse label in the Sendcloud settings.

> An example of the Odoo Warehouse Configuration:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An example of the Odoo warehouse configuration:
```

page, where the :guilabel:`Public and Secret Keys` are produced. The next step is to name the
:guilabel:`Integration`. The naming convention is as follows: `Odoo CompanyName`, with the user's
company name replacing `CompanyName`.

Then, check the box next to :guilabel:`Service Points` and select the shipping services for this
integration. There is no need to enter a :guilabel:`Webhook URL`. After saving, the
:guilabel:`Public and Secret Keys` are generated.

.. image:: sendcloud_shipping/public-secret-keys.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Configuring the Sendcloud integration and receiving the credentials.

Setup in Odoo
=============

Install the Sendcloud Shipping module
-------------------------------------

After the Sendcloud account is set up and configured, the user can configure their Odoo database.
To get started, go to Odoo's :guilabel:`Apps` module and search for the :guilabel:`Sendcloud
Shipping` module. Then, activate this module, if it is not already activated.

.. image:: sendcloud_shipping/sendcloud-mod.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Sendcloud Shipping module in the Odoo Apps module.

> Sendcloud Shipping Connector configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sendcloud shipping connector configuration
```

(Economic Operators' Registration and Identification)` number. After completing the account setup,
activate (or deactivate) the shipping carriers that will be used in the Odoo database.

Warehouse configuration
-----------------------

Once the Sendcloud account is created, set up the :guilabel:`Warehouse Address`. Start in the
Sendcloud account, go to :menuselection:`Settings --> Shipping --> Addresses`, and enter the
:guilabel:`Warehouse address`.

.. image:: sendcloud_shipping/settings-shipping.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Adding addresses in the Sendcloud settings.

If the company would like Sendcloud to process returns as well, a :guilabel:`Return Address` is
required. Under the :guilabel:`Miscellaneous section`, there is a field called :guilabel:`Label
(optional)`. The Odoo warehouse name should be entered here, and the characters should be exactly
the same.

An example of the Sendcloud configuration:

.. image:: sendcloud_shipping/warehouse-label.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Warehouse label in the Sendcloud settings.

An example of the Odoo warehouse configuration:

.. image:: sendcloud_shipping/odoo-warehouse.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Warehouse settings in Odoo.

Reviewer 3: The written context can not rely on imagery to communicate information and needs to be able to stand on it's own; images and screenshots are _supplemental_, only _after_ clear instruction is demonstrated with the written word. 

Creating a symbiotic relationship between the two causes the following quality risks to the documentation:
- visual media leaves too much assumption up to the viewer (especially if they're unfamiliar with the UI);
- prevents users with low internet connections from absorbing the content; and
- opens up more room for "lazy" writing, e.g. "it's easy, just look at the picture!"
- visual media is not searchable/skimmable which disrupts reader's ability to navigate the content quickly

As well, this section would be well suited as an [example block](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/15.0/contributing/documentation/rst_cheat_sheet.html#example) 👍

   Configuration --> Delivery --> Shipping Methods`.

Fill out the following fields in the :guilabel:`New Shipping Method` form:

- :guilabel:`Shipping Method`: type `Sendcloud DPD`.
- :guilabel:`Provider`: select :guilabel:`Sendcloud` from the drop-down menu.
- :guilabel:`Delivery Product`: set the product that was configured for this shipping method or
  create a new product.
- In the :guilabel:`SendCloud Configuration` tab, enter the :guilabel:`Sendcloud Public Key`.
- In the :guilabel:`SendCloud Configuration` tab, enter the :guilabel:`Sendcloud Secret Key`.
- Manually :guilabel:`Save` the form by clicking the cloud icon next to the :guilabel:`Shipping
  Methods / New` breadcrumbs.

After configuring and saving the form, follow these steps to load the shipping products:

- In the :guilabel:`SendCloud Configuration` tab of the :guilabel:`New Shipping Method` form, click
  on the :guilabel:`Load your SendCloud shipping products` link.
- Select the shipping products the company would like to use for deliveries and returns.
- Click :guilabel:`Select`.

For example:

.. image:: sendcloud_shipping/sendcloud-example.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Example of shipping products configured in Odoo.

Reviewer 3: Same here.
Break the relationship between the text and actually write out the example, using an example block.

  Methods / New` breadcrumbs.

After configuring and saving the form, follow these steps to load the shipping products:

- In the :guilabel:`SendCloud Configuration` tab of the :guilabel:`New Shipping Method` form, click
  on the :guilabel:`Load your SendCloud shipping products` link.
- Select the shipping products the company would like to use for deliveries and returns.
- Click :guilabel:`Select`.

.. example::
   This is an example of the Sendcloud shipping products configured in Odoo.

   | **Delivery:**
   | Shipping Product: DPD Home 0-31.5kg
   | Carrier: DPD
   | Minimum Weight: 0.00
   | Maximum Weight: 31.50

   Countries: Austria, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic,
   Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Latvia,
   Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Monaco, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania,
   Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland

   | **Return:**
   | Return Shipping Product: DPD Return 0-20kg
   | Return Carrier: DPD
   | Return Minimum Weight: 0.00
   | Return Minimum Weight: 20.00

>    | Return Countries: Belgium, Netherlands

Reviewer 3: These labels should be `guilabel`s, no?

.. image:: sendcloud_shipping/sendcloud-example.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Example of shipping products configured in Odoo.

.. tip::
   Sendcloud does not provide test keys when a company tests the sending of a package in Odoo. This
   means if a package is created, the configured Sendcloud account will be charged, unless the
   associated package is canceled within 24 hours of creation.

>    Odoo has built an extra layer of protection into test environments. If the shipping method is
>    used to create a label, then the labels are immediately canceled after the creation. This occurs
>    automatically. The test and production environments can toggled back and forth from the
>    :guilabel:`Smart Buttons`.

Reviewer 3: Suggested rewrite for clarity/flow, and fixed typo.
```suggestion
Odoo has a built-in layer of protection against unwanted charges when using test environments.
   Within a test environment, if a shipping method is used to create labels, then those labels are
   immediately canceled after the creation—this occurs automatically. The test and production
   environment settings can be toggled back and forth from the :guilabel:`Smart Buttons`.
```

Generate a label with Sendcloud
-------------------------------

When creating a quotation in Odoo, add shipping and a :guilabel:`Sendcloud shipping product`. Then,
:guilabel:`Validate` the delivery. Shipping label documents are automatically generated in the
chatter, which include the following:

> #. :guilabel:`Shipping label(s)` (depending on the number of packages).
> #. :guilabel:`Return label(s)` (if the Sendcloud connector is configured for returns).
> #. :guilabel:`Customs document(s)` (should the destination country require them).

Reviewer 3: Don't need the parentheses here.
```suggestion
#. :guilabel:`Shipping label(s)` depending on the number of packages.
#. :guilabel:`Return label(s)` if the Sendcloud connector is configured for returns.
#. :guilabel:`Customs document(s)` should the destination country require them.
```

Additionally, the tracking number is now available.

.. important::
   When return labels are created, Sendcloud will automatically charge the configured Sendcloud
   account.

FAQ
===

Shipment is too heavy
---------------------

If the shipment is too heavy for the Sendcloud service that is configured, then the weight is split
to simulate multiple packages. Products will need to be put in different :guilabel:`Packages` to
:guilabel:`Validate` the transfer and generate labels.

:guilabel:`Rules` can also be set up in Sendcloud to use other shipping methods when the weight is

> too heavy. However, it should be noted that these rules will not apply to the shipping price

Reviewer 3: Try to use active tense even if we're talking about the future.
```suggestion
too heavy. However, note that these rules will not apply to the shipping price calculation on the
```

calculation on the sales order.

When using a personal carrier contract
--------------------------------------

> If using a personal carrier contract in Sendcloud, and the user finds the price is not accurately
> reflected when creating a quotation in Odoo, the pricing needs to be updated in Sendcloud.

Reviewer 3: Suggestion to replace `the user` with an if/then statement that uses price as the subject.
```suggestion
When using a personal carrier contract in Sendcloud, if the the price is not accurately reflected
when creating a quotation in Odoo, then the pricing information needs to be updated in Sendcloud.
```

Measuring volumetric weight
---------------------------

Many carriers have several measures for weight. There is the actual weight of the products in the

> parcel, and there is the *volumetric weight*. A carrier may have different formulas to compute the

Reviewer 3: If we announce the term `volumetric weight` without defining it further, then we're not helping the reader—we're just repeating an unfamiliar term back at them.

I suggest adding a definition here that includes a standard formula for how volumetric weight is calculated. 

As well, the line `A carrier may have...` would be useful as a `tip` imo. Suggested rewrite below for that:

```
.. tip::
   Check to see if selected carrier(s) already have defined formulas to compute the volumetric
   weight.
```

After configuring and saving the form, follow these steps to load the shipping products:

- In the :guilabel:`SendCloud Configuration` tab of the :guilabel:`New Shipping Method` form, click
  on the :guilabel:`Load your SendCloud shipping products` link.
- Select the shipping products the company would like to use for deliveries and returns.
- Click :guilabel:`Select`.

.. example::
   Sample Sendcloud shipping products configured in Odoo:

   | **Delivery:**
   | :guilabel:`Shipping Product` - DPD Home 0-31.5kg
   | :guilabel:`Carrier` - DPD
   | :guilabel:`Minimum Weight` - 0.00
   | :guilabel:`Maximum Weight` - 31.50

   :guilabel:`Countries` - Austria, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech
   Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy,
   Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Monaco, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal,
   Romania, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland

   | **Return:**
   | :guilabel:`Return Shipping Product`- DPD Return 0-20kg
   | :guilabel:`Return Carrier` - DPD
   | :guilabel:`Return Minimum Weight` - 0.00
   | :guilabel:`Return Minimum Weight` - 20.00

>    | :guilabel:`Return Countries` - Belgium, Netherlands

Reviewer 3: Same here— would format everything like previous `example` tag.
Notice the `guilabel` formatting for `DELIVERY` and `RETURN` as this is how it shows up on the GUI.

```suggestion
.. example::
   Sample Sendcloud shipping products configured in Odoo:

   | :guilabel:`DELIVERY`
   | :guilabel:`Shipping Product`: `DPD Home 0-31.5kg`
   | :guilabel:`Carrier`: `DPD`
   | :guilabel:`Minimum Weight`: `0.00`
   | :guilabel:`Maximum Weight`: `31.50`

   :guilabel:`Countries`: `Austria` `Belgium` `Bosnia` `Herzegovina` `Bulgaria` `Croatia` `Czech`
   `Republic` `Denmark` `Estonia` `Finland` `France` `Germany` `Greece` `Hungary` `Iceland`
   `Ireland` `Italy` `Latvia` `Liechtenstein` `Lithuania` `Luxembourg` `Monaco` `Netherlands`
   `Norway` `Poland` `Portugal` `Romania` `Serbia` `Slovakia` `Slovenia` `Spain` `Sweden`
   `Switzerland`

   | :guilabel:`RETURN`
   | :guilabel:`Return Shipping Product`: `DPD Return 0-20kg`
   | :guilabel:`Return Carrier`: `DPD`
   | :guilabel:`Return Minimum Weight`: `0.00`
   | :guilabel:`Return Minimum Weight`: `20.00`
   | :guilabel:`Return Countries`: `Belgium` `Netherlands`
```

Reviewer: @StraubCreative 
CC: @samueljlieber 

The changes in this commit look great! The examples are really clear now. Thanks for making the changes 👍 

[635cad7](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/pull/2864/commits/635cad7caedaf3c90b5158fead76983fc4f9e464)

This commit is good to push up and send to DR. 

Thanks for all your work on this. Looking forward to seeing it published. 

👍

==========================================
Set up Sendcloud shipping services in Odoo
==========================================

Sendcloud is a shipping service aggregator. Sendcloud facilitates the integration of European
shipping carriers with Odoo. Once integrated, the user can select the shipping carrier on inventory
operations in their Odoo database.

> .. note::
>    Here is `Sendcloud's documentation <https://support.sendcloud.com/hc/en-us/articles
>    /360059470491-Odoo-integration>`_ on setting up the integration.

Reviewer 3: This would serve better as a `seealso` tag instead of a `note`
```suggestion
.. seealso::
   Here is `Sendcloud's documentation <https://support.sendcloud.com/hc/en-us/articles
   /360059470491-Odoo-integration>`_ on setting up the integration.
```

.. important::

>    Odoo integration of Sendcloud does **not** work on free plans of Sendcloud.

Reviewer 3: I'd actually place this `important` tag right after line 28 ending in `activate (or deactivate) the shipping carriers that will be used in the Odoo database.` Seems to be a better fit with the surrounding context that discusses account creation, no?

e.g.
```
If the user does not have a Sendcloud account, fill in the contact information and payment details.
Sendcloud will ask for a :abbr:`VAT (Value-Added Tax Identification)` number or :abbr:`EORI
(Economic Operators' Registration and Identification)` number. After completing the account setup,
activate (or deactivate) the shipping carriers that will be used in the Odoo database.

.. important::
   Odoo integration of Sendcloud does **not** work on free plans of Sendcloud.
```

and generate the connector credentials. Log in with the Sendcloud account.

If the user does not have a Sendcloud account, fill in the contact information and payment details.
Sendcloud will ask for a :abbr:`VAT (Value-Added Tax Identification)` number or :abbr:`EORI
(Economic Operators' Registration and Identification)` number. After completing the account setup,
activate (or deactivate) the shipping carriers that will be used in the Odoo database.

Warehouse configuration
-----------------------

Once the Sendcloud account is created, set up the :guilabel:`Warehouse Address`. Start in the
Sendcloud account, go to :menuselection:`Settings --> Shipping --> Addresses`, and enter the
:guilabel:`Warehouse address`.

.. image:: sendcloud_shipping/settings-shipping.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Adding warehouse addresses in the Sendcloud settings.

If the company would like Sendcloud to process returns as well, a :guilabel:`Return Address` is
required. Under the :guilabel:`Miscellaneous section`, there is a field called :guilabel:`Address
Name (optional)`. The Odoo warehouse name should be entered here, and the characters should be
exactly the same.

.. example::

>    | *An example of the configuration:*

Reviewer 3: Redundant
```suggestion
```

   | **Sendcloud configuration:**
   | Miscellaneous
   | Address Name (optional): **Warehouse #1**
   | Brand: Default

   | **Odoo warehouse configuration:**
   | Warehouse: **Warehouse #1**
   | Short Name: WH
   | Company: My company (San Francisco)
   | Address: My Company (San Francisco)

   Notice how the name for both the Odoo configuration and the Sendcloud configuration are the exact
   same.

An example of the Sendcloud warehouse configuration:

.. image:: sendcloud_shipping/warehouse-label.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Warehouse address name in the Sendcloud settings.

An example of the Odoo warehouse configuration:

.. image:: sendcloud_shipping/odoo-warehouse.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Warehouse settings in Odoo.

Reviewer 3: The `example` tag and these images back to back are redundant so I'd suggest removing one of them. 

If you choose to keep this block over the `example`, then let's break the context dependency between the text and the images; the text should be able to stand on it's own without relying on images, as images are _supplemental_ to the written documentation.

Reviewer: Noted, thanks. I've removed the images and left the example.

Creating credentials
--------------------

In the Sendcloud account, navigate to :menuselection:`Settings --> Integrations` in the menu on the
right. Next, search for the :guilabel:`Sendcloud API`. Then, click on :guilabel:`Connect`.

.. tip::

>    The integration that needs to be connected is the :guilabel:`Sendcloud API`. While there is an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The integration that needs to be connected is the :guilabel:`Odoo Native`.
```

Remove Lines 83-84

:guilabel:`Create`.

.. tip::
   :guilabel:`Shipping Methods` can also be accessed by going to :menuselection:`Inventory -->
   Configuration --> Delivery --> Shipping Methods`.

Fill out the following fields in the :guilabel:`New Shipping Method` form:

- :guilabel:`Shipping Method`: type `Sendcloud DPD`.
- :guilabel:`Provider`: select :guilabel:`Sendcloud` from the drop-down menu.
- :guilabel:`Delivery Product`: set the product that was configured for this shipping method or
  create a new product.
- In the :guilabel:`Sendcloud Configuration` tab, enter the :guilabel:`Sendcloud Public Key`.
- In the :guilabel:`Sendcloud Configuration` tab, enter the :guilabel:`Sendcloud Secret Key`.
- Manually :guilabel:`Save` the form by clicking the cloud icon next to the :guilabel:`Shipping
  Methods / New` breadcrumbs.

After configuring and saving the form, follow these steps to load the shipping products:

- In the :guilabel:`Sendcloud Configuration` tab of the :guilabel:`New Shipping Method` form, click
  on the :guilabel:`Load your Sendcloud shipping products` link.
- Select the shipping products the company would like to use for deliveries and returns.
- Click :guilabel:`Select`.

> .. example::

Reviewer 3: Let's connect on the layout for this and the other `example` tag @samueljlieber.

As they are, they occupy a lot of real estate on the page and parts seem redundant/not needed...

cc: @tiku-odoo @mivu-odoo

   Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland

   | **Return:**
   | Return Shipping Product: DPD Return 0-20kg
   | Return Carrier: DPD
   | Return Minimum Weight: 0.00
   | Return Minimum Weight: 20.00
   | Return Countries: Belgium, Netherlands

.. image:: sendcloud_shipping/sendcloud-example.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Example of shipping products configured in Odoo.

.. tip::
   Sendcloud does not provide test keys when a company tests the sending of a package in Odoo. This
   means if a package is created, the configured Sendcloud account will be charged, unless the
   associated package is canceled within 24 hours of creation.

   Odoo has built an extra layer of protection into test environments. If the shipping method is
   used to create a label, then the labels are immediately canceled after the creation. This occurs
   automatically. The test and production environments can toggled back and forth from the
   :guilabel:`Smart Buttons`.

Generate a label with Sendcloud
-------------------------------

When creating a quotation in Odoo, add shipping and a :guilabel:`Sendcloud shipping product`. Then,

> :guilabel:`Validate` the delivery. Shipping label documents are automatically generated in the
> chatter.
> 
> The following should be included in the shipping label documents:

Reviewer 3: Remove unnecessary words/sentences.

```suggestion
:guilabel:`Validate` the delivery. Shipping label documents are automatically generated in the
chatter, which include the following:
```

#. :guilabel:`Shipping label(s)` (depending on the number of packages).
#. :guilabel:`Return label(s)` (if the Sendcloud connector is configured for returns).
#. :guilabel:`Customs document(s)` (should the destination country require them).

> Additionally, the tracking number is also available.

Reviewer 3: `Additionally` and `also` in the same sentence is redundant.

Assuming that the tracking number is generated _after_ the sales order is validated:

```suggestion
Additionally, the tracking number is now available.
```

   account.

FAQ
===

Shipment is too heavy
---------------------

If the shipment is too heavy for the Sendcloud service that is configured, then the weight is split
to simulate multiple packages. Products will need to be put in different :guilabel:`Packages` to
:guilabel:`Validate` the transfer and generate labels.

:guilabel:`Rules` can also be set up in Sendcloud to use other shipping methods when the weight is
too heavy. However, it should be noted that these rules will not apply to the shipping price
calculation on the sales order.

When using a personal carrier contract
--------------------------------------

If using a personal carrier contract in Sendcloud, and the user finds the price is not accurately
reflected when creating a quotation in Odoo, the pricing needs to be updated in Sendcloud.

Measuring volumetric weight
---------------------------

Many carriers have several measures for weight. There is the actual weight of the products in the
parcel, and there is the *volumetric weight*. A carrier may have different formulas to compute the
volumetric weight.

Unable to calculate shipping rate
---------------------------------

> First, verify that product being shipped has a weight that is supported by the selected shipping

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First, verify that the product being shipped has a weight that is supported by the selected shipping
```
